res://default_env.tres
res://Characters/MainPlayer.tscn
res://Assets/UI/DayNightTexture.tres
res://Levels/VillageLevel.tscn
res://Dialog/DialogBox.tscn
res://Asset Scenes/House Interiors/house1_interior.tscn
res://Characters/Villager1.tscn
res://Art Assets/UI/DayNightTexture.tres
res://Asset Scenes/House Areas/park3_area.tscn
res://Scripts/Misc/GrassShake.gd
res://Scripts/Misc/AIPatrolPoint.gd
res://Scripts/Managers/GameManager.gd
res://Scripts/Misc/DayNightCycle.gd
res://Scripts/Scenes/HouseScene.gd
res://Scripts/Scenes/VillageScene.gd
res://Asset Scenes/Environment/Houses/House_Entry.gd
res://Scripts/Misc/HouseExit.gd
res://Scripts/Misc/DialogBox.gd
res://Scripts/Managers/DialogManager.gd
res://Scripts/Misc/HouseEntry.gd
res://Scripts/Misc/WalkSpeedArea.gd
res://Scripts/Managers/VillagerManager.gd
res://Scripts/Managers/PlayerManager.gd
res://Scripts/Characters/MainPlayer.gd
res://Scripts/Characters/Villager.gd
res://Scripts/Managers/TransitionManager.gd
res://GUI/TransitionScreen.tscn
res://Scripts/Characters/Player.gd
res://Data Assets/VillagerDataTable.tscn
res://Asset Scenes/House Interiors/house17_interior.tscn
res://Asset Scenes/House Interiors/house2_interior.tscn
res://Asset Scenes/House Interiors/house3_interior.tscn
res://Asset Scenes/House Interiors/house4_interior.tscn
res://Asset Scenes/House Interiors/house5_interior.tscn
res://Asset Scenes/House Interiors/house6_interior.tscn
res://Asset Scenes/House Interiors/house7_interior.tscn
res://Asset Scenes/House Interiors/house8_interior.tscn
res://Asset Scenes/House Interiors/house9_interior.tscn
res://Asset Scenes/House Interiors/house10_interior.tscn
res://Asset Scenes/House Interiors/house11_interior.tscn
res://Asset Scenes/House Interiors/house12_interior.tscn
res://Asset Scenes/House Interiors/house13_interior.tscn
res://Asset Scenes/House Interiors/house14_interior.tscn
res://Asset Scenes/House Interiors/house15_interior.tscn
res://Asset Scenes/House Interiors/house16_interior.tscn
